Remove CVC5 binary (#198)
bmw-software-engineering/trlc: documentation/TUTORIAL-LINT.md

> Please keep in mind two limitations with the `--verify`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please keep in mind the following limitation with the `--verify`
```

and remove the bullet point, but just make it a sentence.
